# VHDL flag of the town Libice nad Cidlinou

School project where I was supposed to design circuit in VHDL to draw flag of the town Libice nad Cidlinou and then make this flag animated by microinstruction position controller.

## The flag

See file `Libice_nad_Cidlinou.jpg`.

The flag is represented as X offset where blue stripe starts and ends. It is generated by `util/flagGenerator`. The generated code is inserted into `flag.vhd` file.

## The position controller

The position controller in file `positionController.vhd` is riden by instructions from `positionControllerROM.vhd` initialized from `positionController.hex`.

`positionController.hex` is compiled from `positionController.fl` by running:

	$ ./util/flc < positionController.fl > positionController.hex

Instructions are fixed-size (16 bits). First 8 bits is instruction code. However, currently microcontroller supports only 6 instructions. All instructions are described in `positionController.fl`.

## License

The MIT license.

	Copyright (c) 2013 Jakub Kulhan <jakub.kulhan@gmail.com>

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
	obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
	files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
	restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
	copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
	copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
	Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
	conditions:

	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
	included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
	EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
	OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
	NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
	HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
	WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
	FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
	OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
